writing/reflection.md, before:

# Proposal by Team 3 (Lancaster Wu, Devin Ho, and Christian Lussier)

This lab required me to explore the real-world applications of computer science.
Please review the Laboratory Assignment Sheet and add the required details to
this paragraph.

The second paragraph will discuss the first team member's insights (Devin).

In our group project, I was in charge of implementing the test cases for
different computational methods as well as debugging. I had to add in the
recursivefibonacci, iterativeFibonacci, and recursiveFibonacciHashMap test
cases. Additionally, I added in the test cases for recursiveFactorial and
iterativeFactorial. They allowed us to check for correctness in our code which
establishes a confidence in our coding as well. Gradle will then build our
program and display if the test cases passed or not. Afterwards, debugging was
a role in which I had to figure out why some implementations of our program was
not implemented correctly. This may be due to syntax or some other similar
error.  Lastly, I was able to correct the indenting and spacing in our code in
order to promote clarity and visibility.

Lancaster: I build all the computitions, lists, resultstable, and experiment
program. The body part of project. I added the method `getNextInt` to check if
user input is an interger. The replay message to make the program can replay.
Based on the different times you run the program, you will get different
openning output. The first difficulty I faced  is in the `Experiment` and
`RunCampaign`. The different experiments requires different datatypes, so one
method does not work for all experiments. I created inheritance in RunCampaign
for ArithmeticComputation, and three different Lists. Then I spent long time
try to fix the error in the cancle feature by using the iteration go through
the resultstable which is an 2d array, and remove all the size 0 outputs. I
somehow failed with many different ways, and Christian later fixed it.

Commit message:

Fixed grammatical errors in and added some markdown styling to the work currently completed in reflection.md to promote easier readability.

writing/reflection.md, after:

# Proposal by Team 3 (Lancaster Wu, Devin Ho, and Christian Lussier)

This lab required me to explore the real-world applications of computer science.
Please review the Laboratory Assignment Sheet and add the required details to
this paragraph.

The second paragraph will discuss the first team member's insights (Devin).
## Christian's Reflection

## Devin's Reflection
In our group project, I was in charge of implementing the test cases for
different computational methods as well as debugging. I had to add in the
`recursiveFibonacci`, `iterativeFibonacci`, and `recursiveFibonacciHashMap` test
cases. Additionally, I added in the test cases for `recursiveFactorial` and
`iterativeFactorial`. They allowed us to check for correctness in our code which
establishes a confidence in our coding as well. `Gradle` will then build our
program and display if the test cases passed or not. Afterwards, debugging was
a role in which I had to figure out why some implementations of our program was
not implemented correctly. This may be due to syntax or some other similar
error.  Lastly, I was able to correct the indenting and spacing in our code in
order to promote clarity and visibility.

## Lancaster's Reflection
I built all the computations, lists, ResultsTable, and experiment
program. The body part of project. I added the method `getNextInt` to check if
user input is an integer. The replay message to make the program can replay.
Based on the different times you run the program, you will get different
opening output. The first difficulty I faced  is in the `Experiment` and
`RunCampaign`. The different experiments requires different datatypes, so one
method does not work for all experiments. I created inheritance in RunCampaign
for ArithmeticComputation, and three different Lists. Then I spent long time
try to fix the error in the cancel feature by using the iteration go through
the ResultsTable which is an 2d array, and remove all the size 0 outputs. I
somehow failed with many different ways, and Christian later fixed it.
