writing/report.md, before:

# Report by Team 3 (Lancaster Wu, Devin Ho, and Christian Lussier)

Please follow the instructions in the assignment sheet as you write the final
report for this project.
4. A detailed final project report, saved in the file writing/report.md, that documents, in a project-specific fashion, how you designed, implemented, tested, and evaluated your system.

Evaluated : test cases, performance, output



Performance evaluations are an important part of learning how efficient a certain method or entire program is in programming. For our project, we decided to follow the concept portrayed by idea three on the assignment sheet and run performance evaluations. The program will run a variety of different performance evaluations using doubling experiments on things such as computational methods and converting content to a string. The user also has control over how many rounds of doubling experiment is run and in some cases, what data type is being used. By allowing user customization, the program can effectively complete performance evaluations that are controlled by a variety of different conditions, allowing the user to get a better idea of how efficient things are.

Design is a key part of the software development process. When designing this project, the team first spent several hours determining what type of project they would complete. Once the team decided to do a project based off of topic three and performance evaluations, the design process truly began. After brainstorming and thinking about a variety of different topics in the class, the team thought it would be a good idea to allow user customization. Wondering what would be feasible in the time allotted to complete the project, the team decided to allow user customization in the areas of what type of method would be tested, how many rounds of the doubling experiment would be run, and what data type the method would be run with for certain methods. With this user customization the team believes the user will be able to tailor performance evaluations to their wants and needs, allowing them to complete performance evaluations of a variety of different methods, placed under a variety of different conditions. In addition to this, after talking to Professor Kapfhammer, the team decided that a cancel feature would be useful for when a doubling experiment is running for a long time. Additionally, the team also came up with some ideas that would have been completed if they had more time. These ideas were to add a GUI and a save feature that would give user the option to save their ResultsTable. Unfortunately, the team did not have enough time to implement these optional ideas. After coming up with these ideas, the team met to discuss how the design of the program and how it would function. By drawing diagrams on the board (some of these are included in the file `diagrams`) allowing the team to organize the computational methods and other needed aspects of the program, the team was able to determine the tentative design of the project. By completing these creative processes and coming up with a tentative design of how the program would work, the team successfully designed the program.

Testing is another key part of the software development process as it is the process of checking the correctness of the program. Our team used a couple of methods when it came to testing the correctness of the program. One of these methods involved creating test cases to make sure everything was working properly. Test cases were created to make sure the the `ResultsTable` worked correctly, specifically including to make sure it builds correctly, adds rows correctly, adds ratios to the `ResultsTable` correctly, and more. Test cases were also created to test the correctness of the `ArithmeticComputations` taking place in the program. More specifically there were test cases to check how the Fibonacci computations would react to specific values and computations, to see how the Factorial computations would react to specific values and computations, and more. Another key part of testing is to run the program and make sure everything seems to be working together, essentially experimenting with the program. The team did this many times, running the program with a variety of different inputs. This allowed the team to make sure everything seemed to be working correctly and test the overall usability and reliability of the program. By running the program many times and creating test cases to check the correctness of the program, the team was able to test the program in its entirety.

Commit message:

Added paragraph talking about how the team evaluated the program and also edited the paragraph talking about testing in report.md.

writing/report.md, after:

# Report by Team 3 (Lancaster Wu, Devin Ho, and Christian Lussier)

Please follow the instructions in the assignment sheet as you write the final
report for this project.
4. A detailed final project report, saved in the file writing/report.md, that documents, in a project-specific fashion, how you designed, implemented, tested, and evaluated your system.

Evaluated : test cases, performance, output



Performance evaluations are an important part of learning how efficient a certain method or entire program is in programming. For our project, we decided to follow the concept portrayed by idea three on the assignment sheet and run performance evaluations. The program will run a variety of different performance evaluations using doubling experiments on things such as computational methods and converting content to a string. The user also has control over how many rounds of doubling experiment is run and in some cases, what data type is being used. By allowing user customization, the program can effectively complete performance evaluations that are controlled by a variety of different conditions, allowing the user to get a better idea of how efficient things are.

Design is a key part of the software development process. When designing this project, the team first spent several hours determining what type of project they would complete. Once the team decided to do a project based off of topic three and performance evaluations, the design process truly began. After brainstorming and thinking about a variety of different topics in the class, the team thought it would be a good idea to allow user customization. Wondering what would be feasible in the time allotted to complete the project, the team decided to allow user customization in the areas of what type of method would be tested, how many rounds of the doubling experiment would be run, and what data type the method would be run with for certain methods. With this user customization the team believes the user will be able to tailor performance evaluations to their wants and needs, allowing them to complete performance evaluations of a variety of different methods, placed under a variety of different conditions. In addition to this, after talking to Professor Kapfhammer, the team decided that a cancel feature would be useful for when a doubling experiment is running for a long time. Additionally, the team also came up with some ideas that would have been completed if they had more time. These ideas were to add a GUI and a save feature that would give user the option to save their ResultsTable. Unfortunately, the team did not have enough time to implement these optional ideas. After coming up with these ideas, the team met to discuss how the design of the program and how it would function. By drawing diagrams on the board (some of these are included in the file `diagrams`) allowing the team to organize the computational methods and other needed aspects of the program, the team was able to determine the tentative design of the project. By completing these creative processes and coming up with a tentative design of how the program would work, the team successfully designed the program.

Testing is another key part of the software development process as it is the process of checking the correctness of the program. Our team used a few different methods when it came to testing the correctness of the program. One of these methods involved creating test cases to make sure everything was working properly. Test cases were created to make sure the the `ResultsTable` worked correctly, specifically including to make sure it builds correctly, adds rows correctly, adds ratios to the `ResultsTable` correctly, and more. Test cases were also created to test the correctness of the `ArithmeticComputations` taking place in the program. More specifically there were test cases to check how the Fibonacci computations would react to specific values and computations, to see how the Factorial computations would react to specific values and computations, and more. The team also employed other methods to check the programs correctness. One of these was to place helpful print line statements in the code if possible errors were arising. This allowed the team to find errors and fix them, helping the program reach a greater level of correctness. Another key part of testing is to run the program and make sure everything seems to be working together, essentially experimenting with the program. The team did this many times, running the program with a variety of different inputs. This allowed the team to make sure everything seemed to be working correctly and test the overall usability and reliability of the program. At one point, this method allowed the team to see that occasionally the program would print lines of the `ResultsTable` with values of 0 because the cancel feature would cancel the running performance evaluation before all the rounds of the doubling experiment were completed. This type of testing allowed the team to find this error and fix it. By running the program many times and creating test cases to check the correctness of the program, the team was able to test the program in its entirety.

The team evaluated the program in a variety of different ways. One of these ways was to perform performance evaluations of the program itself. The team did this by implementing code that would calculate the running time of certain portions of code in the program. This evaluation allowed the team to find out that our program was not the fastest when starting so measures were taken to make it slightly faster. Another way the team evaluated the program was to look at the output of `gradle` commands such as `gradle build` and `gradle run`. This allowed the team to see if the program was functioning correctly. The team also evaluated the program by looking at the results of test cases to make sure they passed, allowing the team to evaluate the program's correctness. In addition to this, the team also studied the output of the program in order to make sure that everything was working correctly and to evaluate the usability of the program. By evaluating the program's output in terminal, the team was able to make improvements to the program's interface and output in terminal. By evaluating the program's performance, testing, and output, the team was able to effectively evaluate the program.
