writing/update.md, before:

# Status Update by Team 3 (Lancaster Wu, Devin Ho, and Christian Lussier)

Since beginning the final project a week ago, the team has completed quite a
bit of work. One thing that was completed was the implementation of the
computational methods that will be used for the program's performance evaluations.
Another thing that was completed was the creation of test cases for the arithmetic
computations and results table, to hopefully make sure they are functioning
correctly. In addition to this, the team also implemented the ResultsTable as well
as the doubling experiment and campaign for the program. Lastly, the team created
the Main method that handles user input (of what computational methods they would
like to use), the running of the doubling experiment based on the user's choice,
and the output of the ResultsTable for the experiment. This allows users to
complete performance evaluations of a computational method, and later a specific
data type of their choosing. A feature was also added that allows the user to
choose if they want to restart the program and run it again after the program
displays it's output. Despite all of this work, a few things still need to
be completed before the final version of the project is submitted. For one, the
team still needs to add a way for the user to choose what data type they want to
use. Another thing that needs to be added is the ability for the user to choose
what information they want to be outputted. For example, the user will be able to
choose between outputting the whole ResultsTable or information pertaining to
specific rounds of the doubling experiment. In addition to these features that
should be added, the team also has to fix some bugs, mostly in the test cases,
which do not build correctly because of strange issues with using JUnit. If time
is available after the project's main features are completed, the team would also
like to create a GUI and possibly add a save feature for the program's output.
Many of the project's basic features have been completed, but there is still a
lot of work to do.

Commit message:

Changed some wordings and added more detail to the Status Update (update.md).

writing/update.md, after:

# Status Update by Team Brooks/3 (Lancaster Wu, Devin Ho, and Christian Lussier)

Since beginning the final project a week ago, the team has completed quite a
bit of work. One thing that was completed was the implementation of the
computational methods that will be used for the program's performance evaluations.
Another thing that was completed was the creation of test cases for the arithmetic
computations and results table, to hopefully make sure they are functioning
correctly. In addition to this, the team also implemented the ResultsTable as well
as the doubling experiment and campaign for the program. Lastly, the team created
the Main method that handles user input (of what computational methods they would
like to use), the running of the doubling experiment based on the user's choice,
and the output of the ResultsTable for the experiment. This allows users to
complete performance evaluations of a computational method, and later a specific
data type of their choosing. These choices by the user will allow them to
see how different computational methods react to different data types, enabling
them to better evaluate the overall performance of these computations.
A feature was also added that allows the user to choose if they want to restart
the program and run it again after the program displays it's output. This would
allow users to run more experiments faster, improving usability. Despite all
of this work, a few things still need to be completed before the final version of
the project is submitted. For one, the team still needs to add a way for the user
to choose what data type they want to use. Another thing that needs to be added
is the ability for the user to choose what information they want to be outputted.
For example, the user will be able to choose between outputting the whole
ResultsTable or information pertaining to specific rounds of the doubling
experiment. In addition to these features that should be added, the team also has
to fix some bugs, mostly in the test cases, which do not build correctly because of
strange issues related to JUnit. If time is available after the project's main
features are completed, the team would also like to create a GUI and possibly add a
save feature for the program's output. Many of the project's basic features have
been completed, but there is still a lot of work to complete before the project
is submitted.
