README.md, before:

<!---

TASK LIST:

  * Use cp -rf *.* to copy all of the files and directories in this repository
    to the starter repository for this assignment
  * Change into the directory for the starer repository
  * Update the header (e.g., #) to only give the name of the assignment
  * Update the first paragraph to include the commented-out content
  * Change the link in the # Problems section to point to this lab's starter
  * Create the assignment in the GitHub Classroom, noting the URL
  * Test the assignment by accepting it with your own GitHub account
  * Check to ensure that your GitHub repository is created correctly
  * Share the assignment link with all of the students using email or Slack

PROBLEMS?

  * Contact Gregory M. Kapfhammer by email or Slack
  * Raise an issue in the GitHub repository for this assignment

FOR THIS ASSIGNMENT: Ultimately, it would be useful to setup a naming convention
for the graphics files and then check to ensure that a certain number of
available in the GitHub repository. I did not have time to implement this feature.

-->

# cs112-S2018-lab10-starter

Designed for use with [GitHub Classroom](https://classroom.github.com/), this
repository contains the starter for Laboratory 10 in Computer Science 112.

## Introduction

Please review the carefully formatted assignment sheet for this project as it
provides more details about the steps that a computer scientist should take to
complete this assignment. You can view this assignment sheet by visiting the
listing of laboratories on the course web site.

## Learning

If you have not done so already, please read all of the relevant [GitHub
Guides](https://guides.github.com/) that explain how to use many of the features
that GitHub provides. In particular, please make sure that you have read the
following GitHub guides: [Mastering
Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/), [Hello
World](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/), and [Documenting Your
Projects on GitHub](https://guides.github.com/features/wikis/). Each of these
guides will help you to understand how to use both [GitHub](http://github.com)
and [GitHub Classroom](https://classroom.github.com/). Finally, please read all
of the relevant chapters in the textbook for this course.

## Commands

You can also complete several important Java programming tasks by using the
`gradle` tool. For instance, you can compile (i.e., create bytecode from the
program's source code if it is a correct program) the program using the command
`gradle build`. There are also additional commands that you can type:

* `gradle clean`: clean the project of all the derived files
* `gradle check`: check the quality of the code using Checkstyle
* `gradle build`: create the bytecode from the Java source code
* `gradle run`: run the Java program in the command-line
* `gradle tasks`: display details about the Gradle system

Please note that this assignment requires you to configure Gradle on your own.
You should refer to previous laboratory and practical assignments for examples
about how to complete this task.

## Travis

This assignment uses [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.com/) to automatically run
a checking program every time you commit to your GitHub repository. The
checking will start as soon as you have accepted the assignment, thus creating
your own private repository, and the course instructor enables Travis for it. If
you are using Travis for the first time, you will need to authorize Travis CI to
access the private repositories that you created on GitHub.

## Requirements

The GatorGrader software that supports the checking of this assignment was
developed for the following software and versions:

* gradle 4.1
* java 1.8.0
* mdl 0.4.0
* proselint 0.7.0

## Problems

If you have found a problem with this assignment's provided source code, then
you can go to the [Computer Science 112 Lab 10
Starter](https://github.com/Allegheny-Computer-Science-112-S2018/cs112-S2018-lab10-starter)
repository and create an issue by clicking the "Issues" tab and then clicking
the green "New Issue" button. If you have found a problem with the [GatorGrader
tool](https://github.com/gkapfham/gatorgrader) and the way that it checks you
assignment, then you can follow the aforementioned steps to create an issue in
its repository. To ensure that your issue is properly resolved, please provide
as many details as is possible about the problem that you experienced. If you
discover a problem with the laboratory assignment sheet, then please raise an
issue in the
[cs112-S2018-sheets](https://github.com/Allegheny-Computer-Science-112-S2018/cs112-S2018-sheets)
repository and mention this assignment.

Students who find, and use the appropriate GitHub issue tracker to correctly
document, a mistake in any aspect of this laboratory assignment will receive
free laptop stickers and extra credit towards their grade for it.

## Assistance

If you are having trouble completing any part of this project, then please talk
with either the course instructor or a teaching assistant during the laboratory
session. Alternatively, you may ask questions in the Slack team for this
course. Finally, you can schedule a meeting during the course instructor's
office hours.

Commit message:

Revising the language about Gradle use in the README file.

README.md, after:

<!---

TASK LIST:

  * Use cp -rf *.* to copy all of the files and directories in this repository
    to the starter repository for this assignment
  * Change into the directory for the starer repository
  * Update the header (e.g., #) to only give the name of the assignment
  * Update the first paragraph to include the commented-out content
  * Change the link in the # Problems section to point to this lab's starter
  * Create the assignment in the GitHub Classroom, noting the URL
  * Test the assignment by accepting it with your own GitHub account
  * Check to ensure that your GitHub repository is created correctly
  * Share the assignment link with all of the students using email or Slack

PROBLEMS?

  * Contact Gregory M. Kapfhammer by email or Slack
  * Raise an issue in the GitHub repository for this assignment

FOR THIS ASSIGNMENT: Ultimately, it would be useful to setup a naming convention
for the graphics files and then check to ensure that a certain number of
available in the GitHub repository. I did not have time to implement this feature.

-->

# cs112-S2018-lab10-starter

Designed for use with [GitHub Classroom](https://classroom.github.com/), this
repository contains the starter for Laboratory 10 in Computer Science 112.

## Introduction

Please review the carefully formatted assignment sheet for this project as it
provides more details about the steps that a computer scientist should take to
complete this assignment. You can view this assignment sheet by visiting the
listing of laboratories on the course web site.

## Learning

If you have not done so already, please read all of the relevant [GitHub
Guides](https://guides.github.com/) that explain how to use many of the features
that GitHub provides. In particular, please make sure that you have read the
following GitHub guides: [Mastering
Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/), [Hello
World](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/), and [Documenting Your
Projects on GitHub](https://guides.github.com/features/wikis/). Each of these
guides will help you to understand how to use both [GitHub](http://github.com)
and [GitHub Classroom](https://classroom.github.com/). Finally, please read all
of the relevant chapters in the textbook for this course.

## Commands

You can also complete several important Java programming tasks by using the
`gradle` tool. For instance, you can compile (i.e., create bytecode from the
program's source code if it is a correct program) the program using the command
`gradle build`. There are also additional commands that you can type:

* `gradle clean`: clean the project of all the derived files
* `gradle check`: check the quality of the code using Checkstyle
* `gradle build`: create the bytecode from the Java source code
* `gradle run`: run the Java program in the command-line
* `gradle tasks`: display details about the Gradle system

Please note that this assignment requires you to configure Gradle on your own.
You should refer to previous laboratory and practical assignments for examples
about how to complete this task. There are markers in the Gradle build
file that give you suggestions for how to customize the configuration. For
instance, you will need to add in the source code that will support running the
JUnit test suite that you are required to implement for the final project.

## Travis

This assignment uses [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.com/) to automatically run
a checking program every time you commit to your GitHub repository. The
checking will start as soon as you have accepted the assignment, thus creating
your own private repository, and the course instructor enables Travis for it. If
you are using Travis for the first time, you will need to authorize Travis CI to
access the private repositories that you created on GitHub.

## Requirements

The GatorGrader software that supports the checking of this assignment was
developed for the following software and versions:

* gradle 4.1
* java 1.8.0
* mdl 0.4.0
* proselint 0.7.0

## Problems

If you have found a problem with this assignment's provided source code, then
you can go to the [Computer Science 112 Lab 10
Starter](https://github.com/Allegheny-Computer-Science-112-S2018/cs112-S2018-lab10-starter)
repository and create an issue by clicking the "Issues" tab and then clicking
the green "New Issue" button. If you have found a problem with the [GatorGrader
tool](https://github.com/gkapfham/gatorgrader) and the way that it checks you
assignment, then you can follow the aforementioned steps to create an issue in
its repository. To ensure that your issue is properly resolved, please provide
as many details as is possible about the problem that you experienced. If you
discover a problem with the laboratory assignment sheet, then please raise an
issue in the
[cs112-S2018-sheets](https://github.com/Allegheny-Computer-Science-112-S2018/cs112-S2018-sheets)
repository and mention this assignment.

Students who find, and use the appropriate GitHub issue tracker to correctly
document, a mistake in any aspect of this laboratory assignment will receive
free laptop stickers and extra credit towards their grade for it.

## Assistance

If you are having trouble completing any part of this project, then please talk
with either the course instructor or a teaching assistant during the laboratory
session. Alternatively, you may ask questions in the Slack team for this
course. Finally, you can schedule a meeting during the course instructor's
office hours.
